Convertible Hello is a day you are there yo is
Good evening is very slow Today is a game tutorial called Card Commander
The person who starts the game from now on because I made something
Ne me over and have slowly those who want to know the rules in order to see the video of the card Commander
Card Commander is an old flash game, because the number of cards in front is small
It is very hot to read each other. There are many cards with tremendous abilities that other card games do not have.
but
It is interesting to highest have perfect balance is maintained by the wonderful sense of the author's
Do we move on to the description of tea Ruru
This is the play screen. If you use 1 card each turn and set the opponent's life to 0, you win
You need to pay the level of magic written on the card to use the card
Magic increases automatically at the beginning of each turn
Increase this minute magic to the next turn have magic increase the amount written on the cheek
Increases the amount of magical power increase by 1 from the 5 turn master craftsman, and the magical power increases from the 6th turn
Do you try to buy far away or Well then
In this game, basically, you can not fight unless you see the opponent after entering the waiting area
It becomes easier to read the other's actions
I'll decide if I'm going to the battlefield next turn and I will pick a card from my hand again
If the chosen card has a use effect, it will be triggered and it will go to the waiting place
There are some beekeepers who need consumption magic
If the magic is insufficient, the usage effect will not trigger
I can play cards that have a little small frame that is shining like this
Not congregate use effect is
If an attacker on hp is out in play, battle will take place
The hp of ATK opponent battle from automatically performed speed is fast attacker in order
It will be the life of the player who reduced and low hp becomes zero
The rate went there are three kinds of major數高schools
But who, if teachers and ordinary preceding
Iue Eeeeee
If 2 and high school, such one will attack first
And say what to do if say Well then Vega-gurdy
Initiative by which those who are Church part to attack earlier randomly determined at the time of competition start
The
It will appear on the side that lost the battle of the previous turn after that
Phi
eh
Yeah yeah yeah
Yu yeah yeah eh
Five
Hmm
Chu Ua Oh
After the Ya after losing the battle if there are those that are marked with a result defeat effect or victory effect on the card
I will work with the cutter
There is also a waiting place effect, so if you leave it in the waiting place you can use the ability many times
you do
Let's go through a bit or I will use a half paper in this situation
This will give the attacker the defeat effect of making the opponent's hp zero.
Initiative to use port One is ahead the way of my First of all because there over here card
The next time the use effect of the other party is used also the cat has attached high school to the attacker , but originally
There is no change because of high school, but the battle starts when there is cost-effectiveness
me
Since losing here of the attacker to trigger a Nevertheless the victory effect
After this, this defeat effect will be activated
As I was able to explain roughly at a place like this, I wonder if you can enjoy the actual battle and the video
think
If you're already okay , please stick to Card Commander
I will explain some more detailed rules, but please look at those who are worried
Deck by explaining the structure of the deck is freely edited using 27 sheets 1 deck of cards
I can do it
However, the same card has 4 colors of card up to 3 in one deck, but any of them is optional
I can only put up to two colors of
In this card game, there are not many advantages of combining single colors, so basically two colors are used
Crossed deck
Hmm
Well play starts, the Kuruyo pull as the mother road sheet hand was shuffled
Good
However, there are six cards in hand because there is no advantage if there is no initialisation
-4 cards from the deck at the beginning of each turn
Please be careful because if you do not have a deck with 0 decks you will lose automatically
I 'm interested because there is in the deck coming to win aiming at the end of the deck
Uu
The destroyed card will enter the graveyard
Good good
Ah ah ah ah
You can check the contents by clicking the graveyard button
t 2
Out also check the time ahead because come heavily involved in strategy ne
teame
Ie
Even if it is going to force out the 2nd body by the use effect of the card by the card to the stone-and-the- flowers who entered the battlefield
It will be destroyed
Ah ah ah ah
Hmm
All right
goo
I will not receive the way to 3 waiting places in the East
Because the more they would also be destroyed and so with a holding area Mecha sea urchin care in Apokado
I have to
Cards returned to the waiting area or hand from the ship will have all their status and abilities restored.
Yup
God of worship
I
Day
Say EI
The strengthened card was put into a weakened card so as not to be returned to the opponent
Oh it advantageously game is out of that or back to the 77th birthday
me
The maximum value of hp and attack power is medium
Be careful because it is also not know the stock does not increase use paint by more than
I
eh
Bewitching
I think that I will be halved to Alcard but I will be given
The decimal point of damage received at that time will be cut off
Yes the explanation is over
If you are interested, watch the play video and not only watch the video, but actually play
Try
Then let's meet again in the video lower game
Good